Resources added for Nodejs Modules (#1610)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/101-nodejs-modules/101-custom-modules.md

> # Custom Modules
> 
> Modules are the collection of JavaScript codes in a separate logical file that can be used in external applications on the basis of their related functionality. Modules are popular as they are easy to use and are reusable.
> 
> To create a module in Node.js, you will need the exports keyword. This keyword tells Node.js that the function can be used outside the module.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-modules-in-node-js/'>How to Create Modules in Node.js ?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxo4UKpHv5s'>Creating a Module in Node.js</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom Modules

Modules are the collection of JavaScript codes in a separate logical file that can be used in external applications based on their related functionality. There are two ways to create modules in Node.js i.e. either via CommonJS or ESM.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-modules-in-node-js/'>How to Create Modules in Node.js ?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxo4UKpHv5s'>Creating a Module in Node.js</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://blog.logrocket.com/commonjs-vs-es-modules-node-js/'>CommonJS vs ESM in Node.js</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://reflectoring.io/nodejs-modules-imports/'>Modules and Imports in Node.js</BadgeLink>
```
